**SMARTCART ONLINE STORE SYSTEM**
SmartCart Online Store System is implemented using the Java language with Object Oriented
Programming concepts. This system is designed for the customers to browse, purchase items
and for admins to manage the items available in store. The provided skeleton code is for
implementing functionality of the system, the class diagram shows the relationship between
the classes, their attributes and methods and domain model diagram shows the connections,
interactions between the entities in the system. It is easier to build upon the skeleton code to
create the functional online store management system with proper understanding of
structure of diagrams and the relationship between them.



Steps to follow for executing the online store:

1. Start rmiregistry on 2002 port (or any other, but use the one which is mentioned in the code)
on server machine 

2. Run “make clean” for removing all files apart from original source files.

3. Compile all the java files using “make” command

4. Execute “make server” to start server program and run the server (OnlineStoreServer) class

5. Execute “make client” to start client program and run the client (OnlineStoreClient) class

6. Choose the option in the terminal to select the appropriate role:
  a. Enter 1, for Admin login.
  b. Enter 2, for User login.

#If selected Admin role:
1. If an existing Admin account holder, please Enter 1. And, for creating new Admin account
please Enter 2 and provide desired username and password.
2. To login in an existing Admin account
Enter admin username: adminname1
Enter admin password: adminpass1
(Note: credentials are predefined in the program for verification purpose.)
3. For Admin following functionality is available. Please select the appropriate option based on
needs.
Select an option:
1. Browse Item
“Browse Item” action allows admin to browse all the items that are available in store for
purchase and provide their detailed information.
2. Update Item
“Update Item” action allows admin to edit the product description and product prices.
3. Remove Item
“Remove Item” action allows admin to remove the item from the store based on the item
ID
4. Add Item
“Add Item” action allows admin to add item to the store.
5. Exit
“Exit” action logs out admin from the account.

#If selected User role:
1. If an existing User account holder please Enter 1. And, for creating new User account please
Enter 2 and provide desired username and password.

2. To login in an existing User account
Provide username : username1
Provide password: pass1
(Note: credentials are predefined in the program for verification purpose.)

3. For User following functionality is available. Please select the appropriate option based on
needs.

Select an option:
  
  i. Browse Items
  “Browse Item” action allows user to browse all the items that are available in store for
  purchase and provide their detailed information.
  
  ii. Add item to cart
  “Add item to cart” action allows user to add item to the cart. This can be done by providing
  input to the prompt.
  Provide Item Id:
  Provide Item quantity:
  
  iii. Remove item from cart
  “Remove item from cart” action allows user to remove the Item already added to the cart.
  This can be done by providing input to the prompt.
  Enter the item ID:
  
  iv. Update item quantity
  “Update item quantity” action allows user to update the quantity of item already added
  to the cart. This can be done by providing input to the prompts.
  Provide item ID:
  Provide item quantity:
  
  v. Display cart items
  “Display cart items” action allows user to check the items added to the cart.
  
  vi. Display total bill from cart
  “Display total bill from cart” action allows user to display total bill for all items added to
  the cart.
